Update tab focus state (#1496)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

[Pull request #1426: Make radios and checkboxes components easier to link to from error summary](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/1426)

> ### Update the markup for tabs

Reviewer: This looks good to me. @m-green what do you think?

> ### Update the markup for tabs

Reviewer 2: Would this heading still be correct?

```suggestion
### Update the classes in tabs
```

Reviewer 2: Or 'Update tab classes'

Author: Sort of… the class has also moved onto another element which makes it slightly more than just updating classes? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Ah yes, good point. How about just 'Update tabs'? Or stick with the original - this one's definitely not a dealbreaker.

Author: In which case I think I'll leave it as-is 👍

> You do not need to do anything if you're not using using Nunjucks macros.

Author: Should we also say that the user doesn't need to do anything if they're not using tabs, or are we taking that as a given?

(We didn't seem to do it anywhere else)

Reviewer: People seem to search for things and check if they have them, and ignore things they dont use, that we saw...

Reviewer 2: Yep we should be ok not mentioning it. (Unless `govuk-tabs__tab--selected` appears in other non-tab components, but given the name I guess it wouldn't?)

> You do not need to do anything if you're not using using Nunjucks macros.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You do not need to do anything if you are not using Nunjucks macros.
```

> If you are not using the Nunjucks macros, remove the `govuk-tabs__tab--selected` from the first tab's link, and add the new class `govuk-tabs__list-item--selected` to its parent list item instead:

Reviewer 2: Just a style tweak. I've assumed this should say if you *are* using Nunjucks macro, because line 212 already says 'if you are not'.

```suggestion
If you're using Nunjucks macros, remove the `govuk-tabs__tab--selected` class from the first tab's link, then add the `govuk-tabs__list-item--selected` class to the link's parent list item.

For example:
```

Author: D'oh! It's entirely the other way around, good spot.

Author: Line 212 also says 'using using'!
